one welcome to the ITC army bitches and
today I'm going to show you how to fix
that for for styling again on my last
video and some people said that it
didn't work
some people said it does work now it
just tested this one out
on my father's PC because he's been
getting made just that when he child my
ever fixed it didn't exactly work very
well for him but we just tried this one
and it just now he's playing smooth
isn't up everything's smooth there's no
problems whatsoever so mainly what it is
it's all to do with your simply use your
CPU cause as you can see this is the
resource manage a resource monitor on
the task manager on this side you'll see
like CP 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 all the way up 7
they're all one parked usually if
they're parked it will say oh they're
parked here parked they're parked
they're parked there so if yours say
that then just Dohee go to this never
look go he ever look see if they're
parked or not I'll show you how to do
all of this I'll leave the screen up
hold so everything you want to know be
in the description below so you can do
it yourself as simple to do so what you
want to do you just put your start
talking bridge at it and bring open your
your Richard it thing now it won't be
like that it'll be like that
so what you want to do is go edit put
find place the work key in there which
I've I'll post in the description below
so it's simple enough so you just do a
search and it'll pop up with the keys
all right so that's that key on here
you've got two values
min min max Y max will probably have a
hundred in it so what you want to do you
just want to edit it just want to edit
it and change it to a zero you'll be a
hundred like that at first then you just
want to change it to zero leave it as
hexadecimal if that one's on anything is
well not the mean one just make sure
these
min/max or 1 0 that's it then go edit
then next find X so if free they do the
same change that to zero if free 0
change it to 0 both of them they're free
well that one you'd have to worry about
that one felt pops up not worry about
that
there you go
finished firstly for the recipe so when
that's done shut that off turn it off
and restart your computer that's it
you're done we start boot or back for a
fall and see if it goes smooth see if it
yeah see if it fixes his farting it did
with my brother he's playing it now and
he's well a pee because like these just
hasn't been able to play it at all when
it's been all over the shop but now it's
all fine so thanks for watching please
like and subscribe and comment if you
want and I'll see you next summer
another video